--------------------
  Overview
--------------------

This projects contains an HTTP server matrix-server.rkt written in
Racket (a dialect of Lisp) and an Ajax client matrix-client.js in
Javascript.

The server accepts table definition sent from the client, and renders
the table into a beautiful HTML table.  The client then places the
table into an HTML page.

To set up your Web-based document system using matrix-server, you need
to configure a reverse proxy, which alias the matrix-server to a path
of the document server.  This can be done using Nginx.  An example
Nginx configuration is included.

--------------------
  Motivation
--------------------

I am documenting a contextual advertising system consisting of over 30
modules, including backend RPC servers and daemons, and hundreds of
product featuers, where each feature involves one or more modules.  To
make the document clear and clean, the team wants a matrix of modules
and features at the beginning of the document.  So I wrote
matrix-server, an HTTP server written in Lisp, to draw the matrix as
an HTML table.

--------------------
  How It Works
--------------------

In general, the system works in the following procedure: (Suppose that
our document server is http://matrix.local, served by Nginx.)

1. The browser access the document server for the HTML document, say
     http://matrix.local/matrix-client.html.

2. The Javascript in matrix-client.html get the file content of
   http://matrix.local/table.ss, the file defining the table content.

3. The Javascript then POST the table content to
   http://matrix.local/matrix, which is a proxy_pass to the
   matrix-server running on localhost:9988.

It is notable that we have to set up the matrix-server as a proxy_pass
of Nginx (aka. reverse proxy), but cannot let it run and listen on
matrix.local:9988.  This is because that matrix.local and
matrix.local:9988 are different servers, and the Ajax security policy
implemented in most morden Web browsers forbidden Javascript programs
downloaded from a server (matrix.local in this case) to access
resources on another server (matrix.local:9988 in this case).  Whereas
the reverse proxy makes matrix.local:9988 looks like
matrix.local/matrix by the Web browser.

--------------------
  Use It!
--------------------

For how to set up a document server using matrix-server.rkt, please
refer to document_server.nginx.conf.
